                DONE

                1. Finish tests for get requests (handling of response headers, requests through a proxy)
                2. Add tests for PUT and POST in a similar fashion
                4. Go back and refactor all the FusionApiManager tests now that we don't need to execute them against Wiremock
                8. Finish the tests for ApiResponseParser - need a set for each model class
                13. Move Fusion Builder tests into their own class and add a bunch of cases
                11. Mutation testing
                10. Logging
                5. Refactor of the JdkClient once all tests are in place - needs duplication removed and some clean-up
                6. Start working on the user facing code - e.g. Fusion.java (Builder? to allow for customisation of Credential type, Http client type and Proxy information)
                6.5     Need stream based methods for the file interactions
                9. Credential refactoring - concurrency etc.
                        -- need to write tests first and then separate out the logic in FusionAPIManagerTest that is really testing these classes
                13. Review all exception handling (Runtime vs Checked)
                22. Make sure all time based operations are using correct libraries


                TODO

                12. Documentation
                15. Review all naming conventions
                16. Builder validation and error handling - null values passed in etc.
                17. Add additional logging


                TODO LATER

                3. Refactor all the HTTP tests to remove duplication -- IN PROGRESS
                                        ON HOLD - is this refactoring actually making the code easier to read? It's reducing duplication, but .... (Compare GET which is refactored, to PUT or POST which is not)

                                6.6 Refactor the Fusion tests - too much duplication (but keep it simple and readable)
                14. E2E Integration Tests
                23. Conversion to HTTPS-only (issues with Wiremock proxies for testing to be resolved, see temporary branch)
                20. Sonatype Lift for security review?
                19. Make Fusion closeable and cascade the calls down?
                18. Optional Micrometer support
                7. Save and loading of credentials (use GSON), do we want an interface for this that the one Credential type that needs it can use?
                                        -- Loading is done via the builder, saving to be added
               21. Make sure we're using nio packages everywhere
                    But leave InputStream at the Fusion level for compatibility


         */